"At Magnit, LLC and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Company or Magnit), we are committed to innovative technology and best in class service. Our customers and communities look to us as leaders in our field. We take pride in what we have built and display excellence in all of our dealings  not only in our products but in our communications, our commitments, and our conduct.\nWe have developed this Code of Conduct (referred to as the Code) to outline expectations for excellence at Magnit. Dont just read the guide; live it. Our vision, our values, and the future of our company rely on each of you.\nGifts and Entertainment.....9\nManagers Responsibility..3\nComplying with\nWho is Covered Under the Code? Throughout this Code, youll see reference to employees. When we talk about the responsibility of employees, were not just referring to full time staff. We mean every part time, full time, and temporary staff, contingent worker, supplier, third party representative, and board member at Magnit. Everyone conducting business on the Companys behalf, including subsidiaries and suppliers, is required to abide by this Code. Employees will receive a copy of this Code upon joining the Company, annually thereafter, and any time upon request from Human Resources. A copy of the Code will be maintained on the company intranet as well.\nWaivers and amendments to this Code may only be granted by our General Counsel.\nEmployees Responsibility You are responsible for understanding the Code of Conduct in whole and abiding by its principles. Read the Code. Ask questions. Then take action. Every individual is a vital part of the Magnit team and will be held responsible for adhering to the Code and its credo.\nFailure to comply with the standards in this Code could result in disciplinary action, up to and including termination.\nManagers Responsibility Managers at Magnit have an extra responsibility to not only model appropriate conduct for their team, but to ensure a working environment where employees feel safe to voice their concerns. Leadership should focus on educating their teams about Magnits standards of ethics and integrity.\nManagers should take all reports of misconduct seriously and investigate appropriately. If an employee comes to you with a concern of potentially illegal practices or serious misconduct, it is your responsibility to report the concern immediately to HR and Magnit Legal.\nReporting Concerns You should report any concerns or questions about violations of laws, rules, regulations, or this Code to your manager, HR, or Legal. Where possible, reports should be made in writing with detailed information about the timeframe, persons involved, and potential misconduct.\nYou may email your manager or HRsolutions@magnitglobal.com directly. If you are uncomfortable approaching HR or believe HR is indicated in the misconduct, you can send your concerns to Legal@magnitglobal.com. If anonymity is required, claims may be reported through the Companys Whistleblower Hotline at (+1) 844 960 1603.\nWe encourage all employees to speak up if something doesnt look right. You will be protected from retaliation any time you submit reports or voice concerns in good faith. Open communication of issues and concerns by all employees without fear of retribution or retaliation is vital to the successful implementation of this Code. You are required to cooperate with investigations of misconduct and unethical behavior fully when asked.\nAll complaints of alleged violations of this Code will be investigated according to the Reporting and Whistleblower Protection policy. In every instance where a violation is found to have occurred, the Company will take appropriate action.\nIt is a violation of this code to knowingly make a false accusation, fail to report a breach of this code, lie to investigators, or interfere with an investigation.\nThis code does not cover all Company rules but sets forth general principles by which employees should measure conduct. There are many Company policies and legal requirements that apply to specific matters. Key policies are referred to in this Code and are also available on the Companys intranet.\nYou should never conduct yourself in an illegal or unethical behavior while doing business on behalf of the Company. If you are asked to do so, please notify HR or Legal immediately.\nBribery You are prohibited from engaging in any form of bribery or corruption. This includes offering, paying, or authorizing bribery of government officials, bribery of customers and suppliers for business or personal gain, and acceptance of bribes. Bribery can be in the form of money or anything of value intended to secure an improper advantage. Its important to note that acts of bribery or corruption lead not only to Company disciplinary procedures but can also lead to fines and/or criminal prosecution.\nAnti Trust Laws The antitrust laws prohibit agreements among competitors on such matters as prices, terms of sale to customers and allocating markets or customers. Antitrust laws can be very complex, and violations may subject the Company and its employees to criminal sanctions, including fines, jail time and civil liability. If you have any questions about antitrust laws or potential violations, consult our General Counsel.\nFraud No one is excluded from the Companys Code of Conduct and fraud will not be permitted on any level. Claims of fraud will be investigated thoroughly regardless of the persons status, position, or tenure. If you believe someone to be involved in fraudulent activity, please report it immediately to HR or Legal. You may also use the anonymous hotline at (+1) 844 960 1603 to report any 4 concerns as described in the Reporting and Whistleblower Protection Policy.\nPreventing Human Trafficking The Company takes a firm stance against human trafficking and forced labor. Managers may not require employees to work longer than scheduled hours, restrict employees from leaving the premises during rest and meal breaks, or otherwise impose labor mandates outside of employees agreed upon working arrangement unless otherwise allowable by law.\nIf you suspect human trafficking or forced labor of a colleague, supplier, or worker, you should contact law enforcement immediately and report the suspected case to Legal. You should not confront suspects or victims directly to protect yourself and others. Your local law enforcement will conduct a full investigation in partnership with the Companys General Counsel.\nUnderage Labor The Company does not employ minors as staff members and will only payroll minors on clients behalf in select circumstances. If your client has asked you to employ a minor, you must obtain approval from Human Resources to employ a minor and will need to obtain proper approvals from their authorized legal guardian prior to onboarding.\nYou may not ask a persons age prior to offering them a job opportunity. However, you may ask if they are over the age of 18. You should use their date of birth provided in their Right to Work check to validate that they are over 18. You will cross reference their date of birth against identifying documents they provide during their Right to Work check to confirm that they are not minors.\nEmployees are expected be straightforward and transparent in their dealings and always act in the best interest of the Company.\nConflicts of Interest You should avoid taking opportunities for personal gain that could lead to detriment for the Company or its clients, or in any way lead to a potential or actual conflict of interest.\nConflicts of interest are taken seriously. If an employee fails to disclose a conflict that they were aware of or reasonably should have known to disclose, they will be subject to disciplinary action. To avoid potential conflicts of interest, you must disclose to the General Counsel any material transaction or relationship that reasonably could be a potential conflict.\nWhat are potential conflicts of interest?\nWorking for a competitor or supplier while employed by the Company  Accepting gifts or other benefits from competitors, suppliers, or clients of more than a modest value or in relation to your position with the Company\nUsing Company property for reasons other than Company business purposes  Using confidential information from the Company for personal or financial gains  Hiring or being involved in hiring or promotional decisions for a relative  Other actions or opportunities taken on behalf of the company or through relations with the Company that lead to either no gain for or cause detriment to the Company\nGifts and Entertainment You should never accept or offer payments to obtain any favorable action for yourself or the Company. Any gift or entertainment that would likely result in a feeling of obligation should not be offered or accepted.\nUnless specifically authorized by your senior leadership, gifts should not be given to or accepted from a client, prospect, or other influential outside person. Gifts received from or sent to: suppliers, clients who have specifically authorized gifts, or other 6 partners are acceptable if they are infrequent, of modest value, and are never offered to a government employee or foreign official. Cash and cash equivalents are not to be offered as gifts to influential outside people.\nYou, your team, colleagues, agents, and family members should never accept gifts, meals, or entertainment from anyone doing business with Magnit unless they are of nominal value and in no way intended to influence business decisions or obtain an improper advantage. Participating in any form of adult entertainment is strictly prohibited.\nYou must thoroughly document the costs of all gifts and entertainment by notating as such in your expense report, along with a description of who the gift was for and what the intended purpose of the gift was. All gifts, meals with parties external to PRO, and entertainment must be approved by leadership before purchasing and be appropriate according to legal regulations and cultural standards in the country in which you are offering the gift or entertainment. If you are unsure of the appropriateness of a gift or entertainment, please consult with general counsel for approval.\nCharitable Contributions The Company encourages philanthropy and will provide contribution matching when donations are made to appropriate charities. Details are outlined in our charitable contribution policy. Its important to note, however, that charitable contributions should never be made to influence a business decision. Donations to charities that have significant or well  known sponsorship by an influential outside person must be approved in advance by General Counsel. Donations should never be made with the intent of influencing a decision or obtaining an improper advantage.\nProtecting our Company, our Clients, and our Colleagues\nYou should use treat Company assets and persons as though the Company was your own. This includes using care to protect physical assets, trade secrets, confidential information, and the interests of the Company and your colleagues.\nCompany Assets You are expected to use equipment and supplies only for business use and treat them with care. Any suspected or actual loss, misuse, or theft should be reported immediately to your manager or supervisor, Human Resources, or Legal.\nCompany Recordkeeping You must observe recordkeeping requirements when managing information pertinent to your role. Personnel files, injury records, and reports have minimum retention requirements that the Company complies with Magnits Record Retention Policy provides guidelines on retaining and disposing of documents appropriately.\nConfidential Information Confidential information includes all proprietary, non  public information that might be useful to competitors or that could be harmful to the Company or its customers if disclosed, or any information about Company employees not publicly available. This includes trade secrets, Company or customer strategies, employee screening results, and personnel activities.\nAny use or distribution of confidential information other than on behalf or for the benefit of the Company could violate law or any separate confidentiality or non  disclosure agreement you have signed with the Company or any of its clients. Please follow all protocols for protecting confidential information outlined in the Information Management Policy.\nYour obligation to protect confidential information in association with your employment with the Company continues after your termination. All confidential information in your possession must be returned to the Company upon your termination.\nMedia and External Communications You should use caution when communicating with external parties and on any form of media not internal to the Company. You should never make statements that that disparage or are otherwise harmful to the Company, the Company's clients or suppliers, or employees.\nIf you are contacted by a public media company or receive inquiries on the Companys activities, plans, position on public issues or any other matters that could be deemed internal or sensitive, you must promptly refer the inquiries to Legal. You can refer to our Email and Internet Code of Conduct for more detailed information on standards for online communications and information management.\nHealth and Safety We are committed to providing a safe, healthy, and productive workplace, and expect all employees to participate in achieving this goal. You should make sure your workspace is free of hazards for yourself and others and should refer any questions of concerns about health and safety to HR. Employees can find safety policies specific to their country of operation on the company intranet.\nEmbracing Diversity We understand that a diverse and inclusive workplace leads to a richer, more productive company culture. Employees at all levels are forbidden from discriminating for any protected characteristic. We also expect all employees to treat other employees, partners, and clients in a respectful, inclusive manner. Any conduct involving discrimination or harassment will not be tolerated. Magnits Equal Opportunity Policy and Harassment Prevention Policy address the topics of discrimination and harassment in the workplace.\nMaintaining Accountability You are responsible for your behavior as a representative of Magnit values. This means conducting yourself in an integrous manner at all times and holding yourself and your colleagues accountable for appropriate behavior. Unlawful conduct that reflects poorly on the reputation of Magnit, even while off the clock, may be grounds for discipline up to and including termination. We dont dictate the activities of our staff on their free time, but it is important to keep the potential impacts of your actions in mind. We expect our employees to embody Magnits values and display appropriate conduct regardless of the activity.\nYou are expected to observe local laws and business practices to ensure your behavior is both ethical and appropriate for the area in which youre conducting business. If you are unsure about how to conduct yourself in any locale or situation, you should look to HR and Legal for guidance.\nWe look to every one of our employees, workers, and suppliers to uphold the vision and values at Magnit. Each of you is representing Magnit. We ask that you represent our company in the best manner every day.\nI have read Companys Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code) and understand the responsibilities prescribed therein. I understand that the Code represents the policies of Magnit, LLC.\nI agree to follow and adhere to the Code."